feat: new introductory javascript project (#54305)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/660f0a55847d6cc485f29ba5.md

---
id: 660f0a55847d6cc485f29ba5
title: Step 21
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-21
---

# --description--

> A <dfn>method</dfn> is a special function attached to certain values in JavaScript. You have already used a method without realising it - the `.log()` method of the `console` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A <dfn>method</dfn> in JavaScript is a function that's associated with certain values or objects. An example you've already encountered is the `.log()` method, which is part of the `console` object.
```

Reviewer: Math.random() for object
'random'.split('dom') for values

Author: Huh?

> Arrays have their own methods, and the first you will explore is the `.push()` method. This allows you to "push" a value to the end of an array. Here is an example to add the number `12` to the end of an array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrays in JavaScript come equipped with their own set of methods, one of which is the `.push()` method. It enables you to add a new value to the end of an array. For instance, to append the number `12` to the end of an array:
```

```js
array.push(12);
```

Use `.push()` to add the string `"freeCodeCamp"` to the end of your `rows` array. Add this code before your `console.log` so you can see the change you made to your array.

# --hints--

You should use `.push()` in your code.

```js
assert.match(code, /\.push\(/);
```

You should use the `.push()` method of your `rows` array.

```js
assert.match(code, /rows\.push\(/);
```

> You should pass the string `"freeCodeCamp"` to your `.push()` method. Don't forget your semi-colon.
> 
> ```js
> assert.match(code, /rows\.push\(\s*('|")freeCodeCamp\1\s*\);/)
> ```

Reviewer 2: semi colons should be optional

````suggestion
You should pass the string `"freeCodeCamp"` to your `.push()` method. 

```js
assert.match(code, /rows\.push\(\s*('|")freeCodeCamp\1\s*\);?/)
```
````
